# Stage 1 -- the sentence and nothing else.  60 rows, seed 88.

S01  When an event is created the attribute must be initialized to the empty string.

S02  Unless otherwise stated, a collection must be live.

S03  The comparisons for the classes must be done in an ASCII case-insensitive manner if root’s node document’s mode is "quirks"; otherwise in an identical to manner.

S04  To incrementally read a body body, given an algorithm processBodyChunk, an algorithm processEndOfBody, an algorithm processBodyError, and an optional null, parallel queue, or global object taskDestination (default null), run these steps. processBodyChunk must be an algorithm accepting a byte sequence. processEndOfBody must be an algorithm accepting no arguments. processBodyError must be an algorithm accepting an exception.

S05  The `Sec-Purpose` header field is a structured header whose value must be a token.

S06  Each part whose `Content-Disposition` header contains a `filename` parameter must be parsed into an entry whose value is a File object whose contents are the contents of the part.

S07  The value must be a valid media query list.

S08  The value must be a string that matches the syntax for the CSS 'color-scheme' property value.

S09  Phrasing content, but there must be no dfn element descendants.

S10  The distinction should be made clear to the user.

S11  If present, it must be the first entry and the entire <source-size-list> value must either be the string "auto" (ASCII case-insensitive) or start with the string "auto," (ASCII case-insensitive).

S12  While a user agent is running the above algorithm for an element x, there must be a strong reference from the element's node document to the element x, even if that element is not connected.

S13  In such cases, the alt attribute must be present but must consist of the same text as written in the image itself.

S14  The value of this attribute must be the empty string.

S15  Similarly, the allow-top-navigation-to-custom-protocols keyword must not be specified if either allow-top-navigation or allow-popups are specified, as doing so is redundant.

S16  Whenever an embed element that was potentially active stops being potentially active, any plugin that had been instantiated for that element must be unloaded.

S17  The name attribute, if present, must be a valid navigable target name.

S18  Frames of video must be obtained from the video track that was selected when the event loop last reached step 1.

S19  (Whether the media resource can specify a timeline or not depends on the media resource's format.) If the media resource specifies an explicit start time and date, then that time and date should be considered the zero point in the media timeline; the timeline offset will be the time and date, exposed using the getStartDate() method.

S20  Whenever a text track cue is added to the list of cues of a text track that is in the list of text tracks for a media element, that cue must be added to the media element's list of newly introduced cues.

S21  When a track element is created, it must be associated with a new text track (with its value set as defined below).

S22  If the area element has no href attribute, then the area represented by the element cannot be selected, and the alt attribute must be omitted.

S23  In the rectangle state, area elements must have a coords attribute with exactly four integers, the first of which must be less than the third, and the second of which must be less than the fourth.

S24  The value must not be the empty string, and the value must be unique amongst the form elements in the forms collection that it is in, if any.

S25  When an input element is first created, the element's rendering and behavior must be set to the rendering and behavior defined for the type attribute's state, and the value sanitization algorithm, if one is defined for the type attribute's state, must be invoked.

S26  The following content attributes must not be specified and do not apply to the element: accept, alpha, alt, checked, colorspace, dirname, formaction, formenctype, formmethod, formnovalidate, formtarget, height, maxlength, minlength, multiple, pattern, popovertarget, popovertargetaction, size, src, and width.

S27  The formaction, formenctype, formmethod, formnovalidate, and formtarget must not be specified if the element is not a submit button.

S28  Whenever an option element's selected attribute is removed, if its dirtiness is false, its selectedness must be set to false.

S29  If a listed form-associated element has a form attribute specified, then that attribute's value must be the ID of a form element in the element's tree.

S30  When the element is created, if the attribute is absent, the additional information should be hidden; if the attribute is present, that information should be shown.

S31  For strokeText(), the reverse holds: this's stroke style must be applied to the result of tracing the shapes using the object implementing the CanvasText interface for the line styles, and this's fill style must be ignored.

S32  In general, work should be deferred to connectedCallback as much as possible—especially work involving fetching resources or rendering.

S33  Except if otherwise specified by that specification, the URLs given as the item types should not be automatically dereferenced.

S34  The value must be text.

S35  The value must be an absolute URL.

S36  Exactly one property with the name url must be present within the item that forms the value of a related property of an item with the type http://microformats.org/profile/hcard.

S37  The value must be text that is identical to one of the relationship strings.

S38  The value must be an absolute URL.

S39  If the draggable IDL attribute is set to the value true, the draggable content attribute must be set to the literal value "true".

S40  To check if an access between two browsing contexts should be reported, given two browsing contexts accessor and accessed, a JavaScript property name P, and an environment settings object environment:

S41  Check if an access between two browsing contexts should be reported, given the current global object's browsing context, W's browsing context, P, and the current settings object.

S42  The value corresponding to the "relative_to" key, if present, must be either "ruleset" or "document".

S43  To fetch a single imported module script, given a URL url, an environment settings object fetchClient, a destination destination, a script fetch options options, environment settings object settingsObject, a referrer referrer, a ModuleRequest Record moduleRequest, an algorithm onComplete, and an optional perform the fetch hook performFetch, run these steps. onComplete must be an algorithm accepting null (on failure) or a module script (on success).

S44  Each target object has a map of animation frame callbacks, which is an ordered map that must be initially empty, and an animation frame callback identifier, which is a number that must initially be zero.

S45  While a BroadcastChannel object whose closed flag is false has an event listener registered for message or messageerror events, there must be a strong reference from the BroadcastChannel object's relevant global object to the BroadcastChannel object itself.

S46  The first character of a start tag must be a U+003C LESS-THAN SIGN character (<).

S47  The second character of an end tag must be a U+002F SOLIDUS character (/).

S48  The system identifier and public identifier strings must be compared to the values given in the lists above in an ASCII case-insensitive manner.

S49  The attribute should be entirely omitted instead (with the value "JavaScript", it has no effect), or replaced with use of the type attribute.

S50  If the attribute is present, its value must be an ASCII case-insensitive match for the string "JavaScript" and either the type attribute must be omitted or its value must be an ASCII case-insensitive match for the string "text/javascript".

S51  Variables must not be used before they are declared.

S52  Errors must be propagated forward: if source.[[state]] is or becomes "errored", then

S53  The interfaces defined in this specification must not be enabled in the default shipping configuration of user agents.

S54  Schemes should be registered in the IANA URI [sic] Schemes registry. [IANA-URI-SCHEMES] [RFC7595]

S55  A part has an associated modifier a string, which must be set upon creation.

S56  An interface must not be declared such that its inheritance hierarchy has a cycle.

S57  If the operation argument type, after resolving typedefs, is a nullable type, its inner type must not be a dictionary type.

S58  That type must be a sequence type, a nullable type whose inner type is a sequence type or a union type or nullable union type that has a sequence type in its flattened member types.

S59  It also must not be placed on a static attribute.

S60  The [Global] extended attribute must be one of the forms given above.

